
                   VERITAS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

VERITAS TECHNOLOGIES LLC AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES ("VERITAS") IS WILLING TO LICENSE
THE LICENSED SOFTWARE TO YOU AS THE INDIVIDUAL, THE COMPANY, OR THE LEGAL ENTITY
THAT WILL BE UTILIZING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE (REFERENCED BELOW AS "YOU" OR
"YOUR") ONLY ON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS VERITAS
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND THE PRODUCT USE RIGHTS SUPPLEMENT (AS DEFINED
BELOW) (COLLECTIVELY, THE "LICENSE AGREEMENT"). READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. THIS IS A
LEGAL AND ENFORCEABLE CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND VERITAS. BY OPENING THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE PACKAGE, BREAKING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE SEAL, CLICKING THE "I AGREE"
OR "YES" BUTTON, OR OTHERWISE INDICATING ASSENT ELECTRONICALLY, OR LOADING THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, CLICK THE "I DO NOT AGREE" OR "NO" BUTTON OR OTHERWISE
INDICATE REFUSAL AND MAKE NO FURTHER USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE. UNLESS
OTHERWISE DEFINED HEREIN, CAPITALIZED TERMS WILL HAVE THE MEANING GIVEN IN THE
"DEFINITIONS" SECTION OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT AND SUCH CAPITALIZED TERMS MAY
BE USED IN THE SINGULAR OR IN THE PLURAL, AS THE CONTEXT REQUIRES.

1.	DEFINITIONS.

"Collected Data" means certain information which Veritas may collect, retain,
disclose and use in connection with Your use of the Licensed Software and may
include, but is not limited to, personally identifiable information about You,
Your employees, agents or contractors acting on Your behalf, Your devices or
systems or Your Licensed Software usage.

"Documentation" means the user documentation Veritas provides with the Licensed
Software.

"License Instrument" means one or more of the following applicable documents
which further defines Your license rights to the Licensed Software: a Veritas
license certificate or a similar license document issued by Veritas, or a
written agreement between You and Veritas, that accompanies, precedes or follows
this License Agreement.

"Licensed Software" means the Veritas software product, in object code form,
accompanying this License Agreement, including any Documentation included in, or
provided for use with, such software or that accompanies this License Agreement.

"Perpetual" means a perpetual license grant that provides You with the right to
use the Licensed Software in perpetuity.  You always retain the right to use the
Licensed Software subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

"Product Use Rights" means usage rights, restrictions and terms set forth in the
Product Use Rights Supplement.

"Product Use Rights Supplement" means the document which provides usage rights,
restrictions and terms specific to the Licensed Software which may be found at
or accessed through https://www.veritas.com/about/legal/license-agreements. Such
Product Use Rights Supplement is incorporated herein by reference and is an
integral part of this License Agreement.

"Subscription Software" means Licensed Software licensed to You on a
non-perpetual (term-limited) basis as indicated in the applicable License
Instrument.  If the Licensed Software is licensed by You on such non-perpetual
basis, then Your license to use the Licensed Software shall terminate at the
end of the applicable license term or period.

"Support Certificate" means the certificate sent by Veritas confirming Your
purchase of the applicable Veritas maintenance/support for the Licensed
Software.

"Update" means an update, fix or patch to the Licensed Software.

"Upgrade" means any version of the Licensed Software that has been made
generally available and which replaces the prior version of the Licensed
Software on Veritas' price list pursuant to Veritas' then-current upgrade
policies.

"Use Level" means the license use meter or model (which may include operating
system, hardware system, application or machine tier limitations, if applicable)
by which Veritas measures, prices and licenses the right to use the Licensed
Software, in effect at the time an order is placed for such Licensed Software,
as indicated in this License Agreement and the applicable License Instrument.

2.	LICENSE GRANT. Subject to Your compliance with the terms and conditions
of this License Agreement, Veritas grants to You the following rights: (i) a
non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as stated otherwise in Section 18.1)
license to use the Licensed Software solely in support of Your internal business
operations in the quantities and at the Use Levels described in this License
Agreement, including the applicable Product Use Rights, and the applicable
License Instrument, within the country in which You are located as indicated by
Your address set forth on the applicable License Instrument (except as otherwise
authorized by Veritas or required by law); and (ii) the right to make a single
uninstalled copy of the Licensed Software for archival purposes which You may
use and install for disaster-recovery purposes (i.e. where the primary
installation of the Licensed Software becomes unavailable for use). You may
exercise Your rights through consultant(s) and outsourcer(s) ("Consultants")
in order to deliver services to You, provided You ensure Your Consultants
adhere to the terms of this License Agreement, and You assume full
responsibility for the actions of Your Consultants in connection with such use.

3.	 TERM. The term of the Licensed Software license granted under this
License Agreement shall be Perpetual (subject to Section 17) unless stated
otherwise in the Product Use Rights Supplement or unless You have obtained a
license to Subscription Software for the period of time indicated on the
applicable License Instrument. If You have obtained a license to Subscription
Software, Your rights to use such Subscription Software shall end on the
applicable end date as indicated on the applicable License Instrument and You
shall cease use of the Subscription Software as of such applicable end date.

4.	LICENSE RESTRICTIONS. You may not, without Veritas' prior written
consent, conduct, cause or permit the: (i) use, copying, modification, rental,
lease, sublease, sublicense, or transfer of the Licensed Software except as
expressly provided in this License Agreement; (ii) creation of any derivative
works based on the Licensed Software; (iii) reverse engineering, disassembly, or
decompiling of the Licensed Software (except that You may decompile the Licensed
Software for the purposes of interoperability only to the extent permitted by
and subject to strict compliance under applicable law); (iv) use of the Licensed
Software in connection with service bureau, facility management, timeshare,
service provider or like activity whereby You operate or use the Licensed
Software for the benefit of a third party; (v) use of the Licensed Software by
any party other than You or Your Consultants; (vi) use of a later version of the
Licensed Software other than the version that accompanies this License Agreement
unless You have separately acquired the right to use such later version through
a License Instrument or Support Certificate; nor (vii) use of the Licensed
Software above the quantity and Use Level that have been licensed to You under
this License Agreement or the applicable License Instrument.

5.	OWNERSHIP/TITLE. The Licensed Software is the proprietary property of
Veritas or its licensors and is protected by copyright law. Veritas and its
licensors retain any and all rights, title and interest in and to the Licensed
Software, including in all copies, improvements, enhancements, modifications and
derivative works of the Licensed Software. Your rights to use the Licensed
Software shall be limited to those expressly granted in this License Agreement.
All rights not expressly granted to You are retained by Veritas and/or its
licensors.

6.	UPGRADES/CROSS-GRADES; UPDATES. Upgrades of the Licensed Software may
only be obtained in a quantity no greater than Your then-current quantity of
Subscription Software entitlements or Licensed Software entitlements under
maintenance/support, as applicable, unless otherwise provided by Veritas. An
Upgrade to an existing license shall not be deemed to increase the number of
licenses which You are authorized to use. Additionally, if You upgrade a
Licensed Software license, or purchase a Licensed Software license to
cross-grade an existing license (i.e., to increase its functionality, and/or
transfer it to a new operating system, hardware tier or licensing meter), then
Veritas issues the applicable Licensed Instrument based on the understanding
that You agree to cease using the license that was replaced. Any such Upgrade
or cross-grade is provided under Veritas' policies in effect at the time of
order. Upgrades and Updates shall be subject to any terms and conditions
provided with such Upgrades and Updates. If no terms and conditions are
provided, then Upgrades and Updates are subject to this License Agreement.

7.	 LIMITED WARRANTY.

7.1.	MEDIA WARRANTY. If Veritas provides the Licensed Software to You on
tangible media, Veritas warrants that the magnetic media upon which the Licensed
Software is recorded will not be defective under normal use, for a period of
ninety (90) days from delivery. Veritas will replace any defective media
returned to Veritas within the warranty period at no charge to You. The above
warranty is inapplicable in the event the Licensed Software media becomes
defective due to unauthorized use of the Licensed Software. THE FOREGOING IS
YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR VERITAS' BREACH OF THIS WARRANTY.

7.2.	PERFORMANCE WARRANTY. Veritas warrants that the Licensed Software, as
delivered by Veritas and when used in accordance with the Documentation, will
substantially conform to the Documentation for a period of ninety (90) days from
delivery. If the Licensed Software does not comply with this warranty and such
non-compliance is reported by You to Veritas within the ninety (90) day warranty
period, Veritas will do one of the following, selected at Veritas' reasonable
discretion: either (i) repair the Licensed Software, (ii) replace the Licensed
Software with software of substantially the same functionality, or (iii)
terminate this License Agreement and refund the relevant license fees paid to
Veritas, directly or indirectly, and provide a pro-rated refund of any relevant
unused, prepaid maintenance/support fees, where applicable, paid to Veritas,
directly or indirectly, for such non-compliant Licensed Software. The above
warranty specifically excludes defects resulting from accident, abuse,
unauthorized repair, modifications or enhancements, or misapplication. THE
FOREGOING IS YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR VERITAS' BREACH OF THIS
WARRANTY.

7.3.	WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 7.1 AND 7.2 ARE YOUR EXCLUSIVE WARRANTIES
AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY
QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS. VERITAS MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE, UPDATES OR UPGRADES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT
OPERATION OR USE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, UPDATES, AND UPGRADES WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. YOU MAY HAVE OTHER WARRANTY RIGHTS, WHICH MAY VARY
FROM STATE TO STATE AND COUNTRY TO COUNTRY.

8.	 INDEMNITY.

8.1.	Veritas shall defend, indemnify and hold You harmless from any claim
asserting that the Licensed Software infringes any intellectual property right
of a third party, and shall pay any and all damages awarded against You by a
court and actually paid by You, or agreed to in settlement by Veritas and
attributable to such claim. Veritas' obligations under this provision are
subject to You doing the following: notifying Veritas of the claim in writing,
as soon as You learn of it; providing Veritas all reasonable assistance and
information to enable Veritas to perform its duties under this Section;
allowing Veritas sole control of the defense and all related settlement
negotiations; and not having compromised or settled such claim. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, You may participate at Your expense in the defense of any such
claim with Your own counsel, provided Veritas retains sole control of the suit.
You have the right to approve any settlement that affirmatively places on You
an obligation that has a material adverse effect on You other than the
obligations to cease using the affected Licensed Software or to pay sums
indemnified hereunder. Such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

8.2.	If the Licensed Software is found to infringe, or if Veritas
determines in its sole opinion that it is likely to be found to infringe, then
Veritas shall either (a) obtain for You the right to continue to use the
Licensed Software; or (b) modify the Licensed Software so as to make such
Licensed Software non-infringing, or replace it with a non-infringing equivalent
substantially comparable in functionality, in which case You shall stop using
any infringing version of the Licensed Software; or (if Veritas determines in
its sole opinion that (a) and/or (b) are not commercially reasonable), (c)
terminate Your rights and Veritas' obligations under this License Agreement
with respect to such Licensed Software, and refund to You the license fee paid
to Veritas, directly or indirectly, for the relevant Licensed Software, and
provide a pro-rated refund of any unused, prepaid maintenance/support fees paid
to Veritas, directly or indirectly, for the applicable Licensed Software.

8.3.	Notwithstanding the above, Veritas will have no liability for any
infringement claim to the extent that it is based upon: (a) modification of the
Licensed Software other than by Veritas; (b) combination, use, or operation of
the Licensed Software with products not specifically authorized by Veritas to be
combined with the Licensed Software as indicated in the Documentation; (c) use
of the Licensed Software other than in accordance with the Documentation and
this License Agreement; or (d) Your continued use of infringing Licensed
Software after Veritas, for no additional charge, supplies or offers to supply
modified or replacement non-infringing Licensed Software as contemplated under
8.2(b) above.

THIS SECTION 8 STATES YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AND VERITAS' SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY REGARDING INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY.

9.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE, IN NO EVENT WILL VERITAS OR ITS LICENSORS, RESELLERS, SUPPLIERS OR
AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR (i) ANY COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE OR
REPLACEMENT GOODS AND SERVICES, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF OR
CORRUPTION TO DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PRODUCTION, LOSS OF REVENUES,
LOSS OF CONTRACTS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS OR WASTED MANAGEMENT
AND STAFF TIME; OR (ii) ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT
DAMAGES WHETHER ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT,
EVEN IF VERITAS OR ITS LICENSORS, RESELLERS, SUPPLIERS OR AGENTS HAS BEEN
ADVISED SUCH DAMAGES MIGHT OCCUR.  IN NO CASE SHALL VERITAS' LIABILITY EXCEED
(1) THE FEES PAID OR OWED TO VERITAS, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE LICENSED ON A PERPETUAL BASIS GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM, OR (2) THE FEES
PAID OR OWED TO VERITAS, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, DURING THE PRECEDING TWELVE
(12) MONTH PERIOD FOR THE SUBSCRIPTION SOFTWARE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL OPERATE SO AS TO EXCLUDE OR LIMIT VERITAS'
LIABILITY TO YOU FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING OUT OF NEGLIGENCE OR FOR
ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW. THE DISCLAIMERS
AND LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT YOU
ACCEPT THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, UPDATES OR UPGRADES.

10.	MAINTENANCE/SUPPORT. Veritas has no obligation under this License
Agreement to provide maintenance/support for the Licensed Software purchased on
a Perpetual basis. Subscription Software will include maintenance/support as
specified in the applicable License Instrument. Any maintenance/support
purchased for or included with the Licensed Software is subject to Veritas'
then-current maintenance/support policies.

11.	SOFTWARE EVALUATION. If the Licensed Software is provided to You for
evaluation purposes and You have an evaluation agreement with Veritas for the
Licensed Software, Your rights to evaluate the Licensed Software will be
pursuant to the terms of such evaluation agreement. If You do not have an
evaluation agreement with Veritas for the Licensed Software and if You are
provided the Licensed Software for evaluation purposes, the following terms and
conditions shall apply. Veritas grants to You a nonexclusive, temporary,
royalty-free, non-assignable license to use the Licensed Software solely for
internal non-production evaluation subject to the applicable Product Use Rights.
Such evaluation license shall terminate (i) on the end date of the
pre-determined evaluation period provided in the Licensed Software or (ii)
sixty (60) days from the date of Your initial installation of the Licensed
Software if no evaluation period is pre-determined in the Licensed Software
("Evaluation Period"). The Licensed Software may not be transferred and is
provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. You are solely responsible to
take appropriate measures to back up Your system and take other measures to
prevent any loss of files or data. The Licensed Software may contain an
automatic disabling mechanism that prevents its use after a certain period of
time. Upon expiration of the Licensed Software Evaluation Period, You will
cease use of the Licensed Software and destroy all copies of the Licensed
Software. All other terms and conditions of this License Agreement shall
otherwise apply to Your evaluation of the Licensed Software as permitted herein.

12.	U.S. GOVERNMENT COMMERCIAL LICENSE RIGHTS. This Section 12 applies only
to U.S. Government entities. The Licensed Software is commercial computer
software in accordance with FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202. Any use,
modification, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure of the
Licensed Software or Documentation shall be solely in accordance with the terms
of this License Agreement. Any additional rights can only be granted to a U.S.
Government entity through a mutually acceptable written addendum to this
License Agreement.

13.	EXPORT REGULATIONS. The export or re-export of the Licensed Software and
related technical data and services (collectively "Controlled Technology") is
subject to applicable export laws and regulations including, but not limited to,
the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, the European Union Council
Regulations, and the Singapore Strategic Goods Control Act. The export or
re-export of Controlled Technology in violation of the foregoing laws and
regulations is strictly prohibited. Controlled Technology may also be subject
to various import, distribution and/or use restrictions requiring action on Your
behalf prior to use of the Controlled Technology. Controlled Technology is
prohibited for export or re-export to Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Syria, Russia,
Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the Donetsk People's Republic (DNR)
region of Ukraine and the Luhansk People's Republic (LNR) region of Ukraine and
to any other country or region subject to relevant trade sanctions. Controlled
Technology is further prohibited for export or re-export to any person or
entity named on relevant lists maintained by the U.S. government (including, but
not limited to, lists published by the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S.
Department of State, and the U.S. Department of Treasury), in addition to lists
published by the authorities in applicable foreign jurisdictions. You may not
export any Controlled Technology for use in connection with chemical,
biological, or nuclear weapons or missiles capable of delivering such weapons.
Furthermore, You may not export any Controlled Technology to any military
entity, or to any other entity for any military purpose, unless subject to a
valid license specifically permitting such export. You agree to comply with all
applicable export or import control laws and regulations, and You represent that
You are not under the control of, located in, or a resident or national of any
prohibited country or region and are not a prohibited person or entity.

14.	DATA COLLECTION. Veritas collects and uses Collected Data to enable,
optimize and provide the Licensed Software, Updates and Upgrades, and/or
maintenance/support to You (and may engage third parties to do so as well), to
administer and enforce its license agreements with You, to make recommendations
regarding usage of the Licensed Software and other Veritas solutions, and/or to
improve Veritas' products and services in general, including by reviewing
aggregate data for statistical analyses. By installing and/or using the Licensed
Software (including Updates and Upgrades), You agree that Veritas may, and You
have obtained all the necessary consents and rights for Veritas to, collect,
use, retain, disclose and/or process Collected Data for the purposes described
in this License Agreement and in the applicable Veritas product privacy notices
at: https://www.veritas.com/privacy. Please note that the use of the Licensed
Software may be subject to data protection laws or regulations in certain
jurisdictions. You are responsible for ensuring that Your use of the Licensed
Software is in accordance with such laws or regulations.

15.	CONFIDENTIALITY.

15.1.	"Confidential Information" means the non-public information that is
exchanged between the parties, provided that such information is: (a) identified
as confidential at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party ("Discloser"),
or (b) disclosed under circumstances that would indicate to a reasonable person
that the information ought to be treated as confidential by the party receiving
such information ("Recipient"), including all non-public information relating
to, or derived from the Licensed Software, including technical features,
benchmark results, or performance results. A Recipient may use the Confidential
Information that it receives from the other party solely for the purpose of
performing activities contemplated under this License Agreement. For a period
of five (5) years following the applicable date of disclosure of any
Confidential Information, a Recipient shall not disclose the Confidential
Information to any third party.  A Recipient shall protect it by using the same
degree of care, but no less than a reasonable degree of care, to prevent the
unauthorized use, dissemination or publication as the Recipient uses to protect
its own confidential information of a like nature. The Recipient may disclose
the Confidential Information to its agents and independent contractors with a
need to know in order to fulfil the purpose of this License Agreement, who have
signed a nondisclosure agreement at least as protective of the Discloser's
rights as this License Agreement.

15.2.	This provision imposes no obligation upon a Recipient with respect to
Confidential Information which: (a) is or becomes public knowledge through no
fault of the Recipient; (b) was in the Recipient's possession before receipt
from the Discloser and was not subject to a duty of confidentiality; (c) is
rightfully received by the Recipient without any duty of confidentiality; (d) is
disclosed generally to a third party by the Discloser without a duty of
confidentiality on the third party; or (e) is independently developed by the
Recipient without use of the Confidential Information. The Recipient may
disclose the Discloser's Confidential Information as required by law or court
order provided: (i) the Recipient promptly notifies the Discloser in writing of
the requirement for disclosure; and (ii) discloses only as much of the
Confidential Information as is required. Upon request from the Discloser or
upon termination of the License Agreement, the Recipient shall return all
Confidential Information and all copies, notes, summaries or extracts thereof
or certify destruction of the same.

15.3.	Each party will retain all right, title, and interest to such party's
Confidential Information. The parties acknowledge that a violation of the
Recipient's obligations with respect to Confidential Information may cause
irreparable harm to the Discloser for which a remedy at law would be inadequate.
Therefore, in addition to any and all remedies available at law, Discloser shall
be entitled to seek an injunction or other equitable remedies in all legal
proceedings in the event of any threatened or actual violation of any or all of
the provisions hereof.

16.	TERMINATION. This License Agreement shall terminate upon Your breach of
any term contained herein. You may terminate this License Agreement for
Veritas's material uncured breach which still remains uncured (if such breach is
capable of being cured) thirty (30) days after receiving written notice of such
breach; this does not apply to intellectual property claims or warranty claims
for which an exclusive stated remedy is provided under this License Agreement.
Upon termination due to Your breach or expiration of this License Agreement, You
must immediately discontinue use of and destroy all copies of the Licensed
Software in Your possession or control, including any master copy, and (within
ten (10) days of Veritas' written request) certify in writing to Veritas through
a corporate officer that all such copies have been destroyed.

17.	SURVIVAL. The following provisions of this License Agreement survive
termination of this License Agreement: Definitions, License Restrictions and any
other restrictions on use of intellectual property, Ownership/Title, Warranty
Disclaimers, Limitation of Liability, U.S. Government Commercial License Rights,
Export Regulations, Data Collection, Confidentiality, Survival, and General and
Your payment obligations accrued prior to termination, including payment
obligations for outstanding Subscription Software orders. The license grants for
Licensed Software and terms regarding Maintenance/Support purchased prior to
termination shall survive such termination, except in the case of Veritas'
termination for Your breach, as set forth above.

18.	GENERAL.

18.1.	ASSIGNMENT. You may not assign the rights granted hereunder or this
License Agreement, in whole or in part and whether by operation of contract, law
or otherwise, without Veritas' prior express written consent. Veritas may
assign this License Agreement to any party.

18.2.	COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW. You are solely responsible for Your
compliance with, and You agree to comply with, all applicable laws, rules, and
regulations in connection with Your use of the Licensed Software.

18.3.	AUDIT. Veritas may audit Your use of the Licensed Software to verify
Your usage complies with Your license agreements with Veritas, including
without limitation through collection and use of Collected Data,
self-certifications, on-site audits and/or audits done using a third-party
auditor. On-site audits will be done upon reasonable notice and during normal
business hours, but not more often than once each year. You shall cooperate
with Veritas' information and reporting requests in connection with an audit
and pay Veritas for any unauthorized deployments of Licensed Software
disclosed by the audit. License fees for such over deployments will be invoiced
to and paid by You at the undiscounted license list price in effect as of the
audit completion date ("List Price"), unless otherwise mutually agreed. Veritas
shall bear the costs of any such audit, except where the audit demonstrates
that the List Price value of Your non-compliant usage exceeds five percent (5%)
of the List Price value of Your compliant deployments. In such case, in
addition to purchasing appropriate licenses for any over-deployed Licensed
Software, You shall reimburse Veritas for the fees for the audit.

18.4.	GOVERNING LAW; SEVERABILITY; WAIVER. If You are located in the Americas,
this License Agreement will be governed by (i) the laws of the State of
California, United States of America and (ii) to the extent controlling, federal
laws of the United States. If You are located in China, this License Agreement
will be governed by the laws of the Peoples Republic of China. Otherwise, this
License Agreement will be governed by the laws of England and Wales. Such
governing laws are exclusive of any provisions of the United Nations Convention
on Contracts for Sale of Goods, including any amendments thereto, and without
regard to principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this License
Agreement is found partly or wholly invalid or unenforceable under applicable
law, such provision shall be reformed and/or construed, if possible, to be
enforceable under applicable law; otherwise, such provision shall be excluded
from this License Agreement and the remaining provisions of this License
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. A waiver of any breach or
default under this License Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any other
subsequent breach or default.

18.5.	THIRD PARTY PROGRAMS. This Licensed Software may contain third party
software programs ("Third Party Programs") that are available under open source
or free software licenses. This License Agreement does not alter any rights or
obligations You may have under those open source or free software licenses.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in such licenses, the
disclaimer of warranties and the limitation of liability provisions in this
License Agreement shall apply to such Third-Party Programs.

18.6.	CUSTOMER SERVICE. Should You have any questions concerning this License
Agreement, or if You desire to contact Veritas for any reason, please write to:
(i) Veritas Technologies LLC, 2625 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, California
95054, U.S.A., (ii) Veritas Technologies (UK) Limited, 1320 Arlington Business
Park, Theale, Reading, Berkshire RG7 4SA, United Kingdom, (iii) Veritas
Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Haidian Branch, Tsinghua Science Park Bldg. 1,
No. 1 Zhongguancun East Road, Suite 601 Tower B, Innovation Plaza, Beijing,
Haidian District 100084, China.

18.7.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This License Agreement and any related License
Instrument are the complete and exclusive agreement between You and Veritas
relating to the Licensed Software and supersede any previous or contemporaneous
oral or written communications, proposals, and representations with respect to
its subject matter. This License Agreement prevails over any conflicting or
additional terms of any purchase order, ordering document, acknowledgement or
confirmation or other document issued by You, even if signed and returned. This
License Agreement may only be modified by a License Instrument that accompanies
or follows this License Agreement.


GLB ENT EULA v.5.0_STD_ENGLISH_3NOVEMBER2022
